Improve range handling for `minDate` and `maxDate` (#101)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-datepicker: demo/api.md

> To give a higher limit you can bind a date to the `maxDate` property.

Reviewer: Let's preserve a very basic non-functional example like we had before. While the new example is great - it complicates understanding of the basic use of the maxDate attribute.

```
<auro-datepicker maxDate="06/16/1980">
  <span slot="label">Choose a date</span>
</auro-datepicker>
```

> This example demonstrates that the state of the `auro-datepicker` should reset if the date of `maxDate` is earlier than the `auro-datepicker`'s currently selected value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `maxDate` attribute to a date earlier than the auro-datepicker `value` will result in the following changes to the component state:

- `value` will to reset to `undefined`.
- If the currently viewed calendar month is later than the new `maxDate`, the calendar view will move to the new `maxDate` month.

This example demonstrates that behavior.
```

<div class="exampleWrapper">
  <auro-datepicker id="maxDateExample">
    <span slot="label">Choose a date</span>
  </auro-datepicker>

>   <auro-button id="maxDateChange">Change maxDate to Today's Date</auro-button>

Reviewer: This functional example can only be executed once without refreshing the page. We should add another button so they can reset the datepicker to the state it is in when first loaded.

To give a lower limit you can bind a date to the `minDate` property.

> This example demonstrates that the state of the `auro-datepicker` should reset if the date of `minDate` is later than the `auro-datepicker`'s currently selected value.

Reviewer: See suggestions for maxDate an carry them over to minDate.
